Richelle Direny: Hello.
Hi.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Pretty good today. That's good. That's good.
Richelle Direny: Like I look I was waiting. And I'm like, Okay, let me shut down, I guess she's not coming
Richelle Direny: And then right as I walked away. They sent me the message.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, it took a while to get into the virtual clinics mine but
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Well, it's been a while since we've seen each other so
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, I believe I have my group. Well, the way my meds are gonna run. I'm going to have to do my group on Tuesday, so
Dianne Siefker: So see, again, then
Dianne Siefker: Let's see.
Richelle Direny: How often were you want to do.
Dianne Siefker: What's a month.
Okay.
What's going on here.
Richelle Direny: So did you go like
Richelle Direny: Did you go like the first Monday of every month. Like, how was it
Richelle Direny: I'm
Dianne Siefker: Not MONDAY, TUESDAY. Well, I went, yeah, it's on Tuesday.
Dianne Siefker: I went on I think was the 10th.
Dianne Siefker: Was that the first Monday or Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Probably. That was the last one. You went to. You mean
Dianne Siefker: Yeah. Yes, yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then your
Dianne Siefker: Second,
Richelle Direny: Tuesday. So then you're if you go once a month and you will go next Tuesday.
Dianne Siefker: Okay.
Dianne Siefker: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I do have you here. The
Group on Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: I know the last time that we spoke
Richelle Direny: Are that I saw you in through
Richelle Direny: Um, I guess you had some like you had to go to court. You had some legal things going on.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, with my son. He had some
Dianne Siefker: truancy issues. Last year, he's been through all his court stuff and
Dianne Siefker: Then I had to go to court, they
Dianne Siefker: Because he which I'm still not understanding. He missed a drug screen, I guess, cuz he was on put on probation after that and
Dianne Siefker: They said they mailed me a letter which I don't ever recall seeing. And so I got charges on me that were related to the truancy charge on it. You know what I mean.
Dianne Siefker: So it was. Yeah. So they got the charge was like contributing to
Dianne Siefker: In the way that the juvenile system works. It's not for true and seemed like they want a tree and see. It's called delinquency, I believe, is what it's called.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, for
Dianne Siefker: It. Well, it
Richelle Direny: Means that he has been traveling for a PSA have
Richelle Direny: Been out of school so great a portion of the school year for them to charge you for it.
Dianne Siefker: Well, I wasn't charged with the truancy or anything. It was a contributing after the fact, because he's already. This was he got the truancy last year.
Dianne Siefker: And he was still on probation. And I guess there was a meeting where he was supposed to show up and do what drug screen which I still have never seen this letter to date that she said she sent to me his probation officer and I've never seen so it was all say rise.
Richelle Direny: Again, because usually they send like letters and they try they find ways and sometimes I mean I don't know how it is in your state what sometimes they will send like a social worker out to your home. So they have
Dianne Siefker: All these different accounts.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, yeah, there, there was all that involved to. So yeah, there's definitely been people that showed up at the home and everything, which in the court papers.
Dianne Siefker: She told me the probation officer told me she mailed it, but in the when I finally got like it. They call it the discovery packet my attorney called it
Dianne Siefker: The probation officer said she handed it to my mother, which my mom said she never received anything that I guess when she went to that house for an evening checkup. She handed it to my mom.
Dianne Siefker: So,
Dianne Siefker: I have no idea where this letter went to
Oh,
Dianne Siefker: It's conflicting so I'm like, I don't know that they told me they mailed it and then they told me that they are in the discovery back and they said they handed it to my mother when they showed up.
Richelle Direny: And she don't remember that.
Dianne Siefker: No, she don't
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then how did the
Richelle Direny: How did everything go with the court then
Dianne Siefker: Well they I mean of course I pled guilty because I didn't, there wasn't. That's what my attorney recommended
Dianne Siefker: And the they put on there. I guess the way you can get was $1,000 fine and six months jail time. But they suspended all that
Dianne Siefker: So this is, this is why I've been so frazzled and stressed and just because I've never dealt with the court system for anything. First of all,
Dianne Siefker: And then dealing with the juvenile court, which was, I guess a lot different my attorney didn't felt like my attorney was didn't know much about the juvenile system. So it was
Dianne Siefker: It's
Richelle Direny: Been
Richelle Direny: Here it is stressful and then this is
Dianne Siefker: The thing.
Having
Richelle Direny: A part
Richelle Direny: Of the juvenile system or I should say work in the juvenile system doing exactly that.
Richelle Direny: So sometimes
Richelle Direny: How can I put it. I think sometimes they're not because they deal with so many children that our juvenile delinquents, especially ones that have a history of not just true truancy due to substance abuse.
Richelle Direny: Due to, you know, different thing, whether they're doing petty crimes, whatever the situation is
Richelle Direny: parents that are somewhat on evolve, what they call on Him evolve, or they have like this permissive parenting style. They somewhat become desensitized. So I think based on my observation of it, they kind of take everyone and like group them into one and they treat everybody the same. So,
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, you try to come and plead your
Richelle Direny: Case and say, Hey, well, you know, like you said, I never received a letter, you're saying that you gave it to my mother. My mother is here saying she never got anything
Richelle Direny: You know, they kind of
Richelle Direny: They become like no nonsense and having deal with officers and it's just so many different aspects of it is just that, in my opinion, how I've seen it the way the system is set up. They said they're there to help the child sometimes
Richelle Direny: The child's behavior worse because of how they treat the kid.
Richelle Direny: But you saying you're not treating them like an adult, but in essence, you are
Richelle Direny: The way they talk to them the way they lay the law down depending on how involved, you are in trying to meet the situation. So, like, one of the things that I used to do.
Richelle Direny: Which was helpful.
Richelle Direny: Is anything haven't there. It's something that you can look into. Um, they had a specialized type of therapy program for the children. And that's what I do, were in, I would they would be referred to this program that was funded through like the city.
Richelle Direny: That you live in and or the county that you live with more the county that you live in. And that therapist would work with the child.
Richelle Direny: The child is the one that brought the counseling in the home or the services in the home because of their truancy and everything.
Dianne Siefker: Right.
Richelle Direny: I would always tell the kid. I'm like, y'all want me be here. Well, do what you need to do, because
Dianne Siefker: I'm here.
Richelle Direny: Now, like, I'll just, it's your fault, why I'm here. So you don't want me up in your business, go to school, do what you need to do.
Dianne Siefker: Exactly what he was doing was going to school. He was getting on the bus and going to school, he was leaving school
Richelle Direny: He was which I know he can you think he was going to school, so
Richelle Direny: Well, he got on the bus when he got off the bus.
Dianne Siefker: School is this way.
Richelle Direny: He had that way.
Richelle Direny: The
Richelle Direny: The programs that we were in with that will help the situation.
Dianne Siefker: Was like I said
Richelle Direny: It was the therapist came in the child brought them in. But then it was working more with the parent
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, I went to find
Richelle Direny: What was the issues with whether it's at home them individually or at school. And what was the reason why they weren't going to school.
Richelle Direny: So then, my job was to find out in all the very important areas in their life and do an assessment of all the areas. One of them that I found outside of it being home the next the second biggest area. I found that when they go to school, they face so much challenges in the school.
Richelle Direny: Teachers, that it was when I would sit in a meeting with the kids.
Richelle Direny: I would tell the parent. I'm just here to kind of just observe and sometimes I would feel bad for the kid.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, sometimes I would feel bad for the kid because of just how they treated the child.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Just like you wouldn't want to come to school.
Richelle Direny: Because I again. So I'm so you just have to, you know, I understand and see this is the other part, I understand that we have to work. We have to provide society doesn't allow us necessarily to be as involved in our children's life as we would like.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, definitely. And at that time, at that time, I was working second shift and I just kept telling you know
Dianne Siefker: Please.
Dianne Siefker: Don't mess up. I'm setting up a second shift, it's already been arranged the, the moment I think it was a day or two after I finally got on first shift and switch so I could be there in the evening to know what was going on and and everything.
Dianne Siefker: That's when
Dianne Siefker: The friends that he was with hanging with and I
Dianne Siefker: Didn't care. Not good. Yeah, they gotten a bad car accident. So this bit this bad car accident which then I think
Dianne Siefker: Just brought that to the forefront and intention and then these that's when he got charged with that truancy, which was almost a whole year later from went where it stems from so
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're a single mom.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's just you and him are you have other children.
Dianne Siefker: I have other children, but they're older. They're out of 19 and 20
Richelle Direny: So it's just you and him in the home.
Dianne Siefker: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: How does he. Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: 16 now he just turned 16
Richelle Direny: So you're on. So then, basically, when you're at work. He really it's his responsibility to go to school and come home and pretty much do what needs to be done until you get there.
Dianne Siefker: Right. And at the time I was living with my mom so she could help me out you know with with him because she worked during the day.
Dianne Siefker: We'll get home, about five, six o'clock. But he was still home you know alone for a couple hours. My dad usually got home about 435 o'clock, but at the time I was working second shift and missing a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it is it is hard. Whether you. The thing is, whether you're working first shift or second shift because second shift is convenient because if you need to be readily available to get to the school you you being on first shift you have that time during the day.
Dianne Siefker: But then
Richelle Direny: The problem. The flip side of it is if you work first shift that when he's home you can be there. It's hard to leave work to get to him or to
Richelle Direny: Cry. So it's kind of like you're
Richelle Direny: Doing you're working with a double edged sword. So
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, it's
Richelle Direny: It's, I mean, so if there's so many other things that's involved. And that's, you know, part of the reason why
Richelle Direny: It, you know, you having for him. And I would encourage if it's something that they offer there in in Ohio.
Richelle Direny: I would recommend if you can find through the county, because I know here in Florida. That's the program. It was provided through the county. The here with the families didn't have to pay for it.
Richelle Direny: And you got it for
Richelle Direny: I would say like I was you were in the home for like three, four months. Yeah, you were there in the home for like three, four months, but it was pretty intensive because you were there all the time like I was there all the time in the whole like two, three days a week, I was there.
Richelle Direny: And so having that consistency for the child. Sometimes you saw that improvement.
Richelle Direny: Because it's someone being there.
Richelle Direny: And it's just like, you know, like it's just involvement and sometimes that's really hard.
Richelle Direny: But I definitely get a stress that it puts on you because now that's time away from your job to go to court that if he's on probation. I'm sure he has to pay a fee.
Dianne Siefker: Right. Oh yeah, he's gonna find he's got to pay
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's that's money out so you know history and see your bill to pay
Dianne Siefker: Mm hmm. His
Richelle Direny: His, His fault or his
unwise decision.
Richelle Direny: So,
Dianne Siefker: I definitely get that
Dianne Siefker: And he wasn't hurt.
Dianne Siefker: Her on the job as always I'm
Richelle Direny: Not I'm no sorry so
Richelle Direny: He wasn't hurt in a car accident.
Dianne Siefker: Oh yeah, he was hurt. Yeah, you got he had
Dianne Siefker: Last lacerated liver punctured lung broke a few ribs cracked his pelvis. Yeah, he was hurt. We were in the hospital.
Dianne Siefker: Them. Yeah, yeah. He's yeah he really got hurt and quite a few of them really did.
Dianne Siefker: And there was actually the second day I had switched to first shift and then was just all headed on my way home.
Dianne Siefker: Is still in the car when I got the phone call that he was being life flighted Dan was actually being life flighted in the town that I was working in which was like a 45 minute drive from home.
Dianne Siefker: So yeah, and then I ended up losing my job over that because I wasn't going to leave them when he was an ICO
Dianne Siefker: And I you know I just told them they told me they needed me in there. And I said, I need to be with him so
Richelle Direny: So he um if they they someone hit them or they hit someone
Dianne Siefker: It was the driver had lost control of the car and hit it was a Brit. It's like the concrete on a bridge across the bridge.
Dianne Siefker: She lost control and smack in actually was the passenger passenger backside, where he was sitting where he and hit them bridge that concrete like wall type thing that was there that they get
Richelle Direny: All the person that was driving the car. He was in lost control.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So then how did the truancy come up because of the fact that
Dianne Siefker: I believe that just kind of brought it to the forefront and this was an accident that everybody knew about the principal because it was
Dianne Siefker: Right after school when it happens, and the kids must have all just left school. So when they heard about the accident right away. I guess the principal had went in Jeddah to the hospital where they were all brought initially before there was a couple of my flight it out.
Dianne Siefker: Huh. So I was, you know, when I got the call. I got the call from the ER and the county that they you know that they were in
Dianne Siefker: And the principal had called me and I, you know, and told me that they were she was there with him since I was already in the town, where he was being life flighted she stuck with my son that got life flighted to the town where I was at
Dianne Siefker: So they were all there. I mean, the schools were involved teachers. I mean, it was and I, it just, it's something that's the whole town heard about. And I think it just brought it to the forefront that and looked into that and yeah
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: But you said all of this happened, how long ago, almost a year ago.
Richelle Direny: But, but you're still having to go to the court and deal with all the truancy and everything else.
Right.
So how has things now.
Dianne Siefker: Kind of settling out, you know, which I still got to deal with the whole accident and the bills and not settlement on that which I kind of put on the back burner for now while we're dealing with why I dealt with all
Dianne Siefker: This truancy. All this other charges.
Dianne Siefker: But now that that's all done. And ironically, it was just so strange so that you're that week I was a couple weeks ago I told him, I said, now we can focus on this. I was so worried about not being able to keep my attention and focus on two different core issues.
Dianne Siefker: So I end up getting a call from actually the insurance company.
Dianne Siefker: It was like two or three days after after our court was all done. I'm like, How ironic because I'm just telling you the night before. Actually, I was telling them the night before. I think now's the time we are dealing with.
Dianne Siefker: The insurance company and and because they said a settlement offer and everything. So, but you have to go through the probate court since he's under 18
Dianne Siefker: To determine how he's going to receive the settlement, but of course we got. I got to get all the bills online and
Richelle Direny: See what nobody knows the accident. Right.
Dianne Siefker: No, not another vehicle or anything. It was the insurance that the the girl, the girl that was driving the car. It's her insurance company.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so this was an adult person that was driving the car.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, actually she wasn't a doll. She was 18
Oh,
Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: So yes, it's, it's a very, very big mess. And I'm actually the girl is still in jail because of it.
Dianne Siefker: Well,
Dianne Siefker: I'm
Dianne Siefker: I've got the accident report and it doesn't say that like she was under the influence of alcohol. I don't know if there was anything else found in her system, but
Dianne Siefker: The accident report doesn't doesn't say that she was there was are actually, it states that there is no alcohol involved.
Dianne Siefker: So wasn't alcohol.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, that is a lot
Richelle Direny: That is that is a lot to
Richelle Direny: To still the financial aspect of it, but I mean even no matter what, how much the settlement is or whatever, financially, that doesn't you know
No.
Richelle Direny: Body back to wholeness, um,
Dianne Siefker: No.
Richelle Direny: No. Is there still, you know, damages that he's recovering from pain and all this different things and
Dianne Siefker: I can just ride.
Richelle Direny: You know, bring life to hopefully not to other things. But, um, but, you know, has. Do you think that it has turned him around and he his outlook on
Richelle Direny: Life is
Richelle Direny: A bit different or
Dianne Siefker: Oh yeah, definitely, definitely.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, definitely do.
Dianne Siefker: I mean, he's had to eliminate a lot he he's not allowed to be with any of those people around that were involved in that accident.
Dianne Siefker: So that kind of
Dianne Siefker: A little happy about that. But
Dianne Siefker: But then again it worries me because he doesn't have any friends or anything so that are really, really worries me because he's at such a vulnerable age and his dad also
Dianne Siefker: has bipolar and I know this is the age that it starts coming out. So I can see the depressive side coming out, you know, no worries me.
Richelle Direny: I mean, since he
Richelle Direny: Does he get counseling or
Richelle Direny: Do you take him in for counseling.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, he goes to counseling, the
Dianne Siefker: Resource Center, and he sees a counselor there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good. And so what is your self care routine going through all of this.
Dianne Siefker: Well, and like I said, I've been trying to take everything one thing at a time. I knew you know i couldn't take all this all at once. I knew that I couldn't handle that, you know, I've never dealt with the court systems before. So I know this deal with this and
Dianne Siefker: I know they kept my mom and everyone kept pushing them but like I know how much I can handle. And I'm not taking on all this always wants
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, that is that is absolutely true.
Dianne Siefker: Because
Richelle Direny: You know that will definitely um
Richelle Direny: Become very burdensome for you if you try and take everything at one time.
Richelle Direny: So, um, what, like what but you. Who is your, your support system is just your parents.
Dianne Siefker: Right. We parents. I have a couple friends. I talked to
Dianne Siefker: But as far as like, you know, my support system. It's my parents.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And do you go to outside meetings or do you have outside therapy on I'm
Dianne Siefker: Sorry, my ear buds keeps
Dianne Siefker: I'm sorry, do I go to outside meetings.
Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: And I used to go to this.
Dianne Siefker: It's like this celebrate
Richelle Direny: We celebrate recording
Dianne Siefker: Once in a while. Yeah, but with everything being close. I'm just kind of been dormant.
Dianne Siefker: For for
Dianne Siefker: Really got out and done much of anything.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Dianne Siefker: I don't know if they're still holding them.
Richelle Direny: I think you're talking about the
Richelle Direny: The outside meetings, I think they do them online. Now, that's my, I guess that's what someone
Richelle Direny: Said that that's what they're doing. They're doing them online now.
Dianne Siefker: Oh, they're doing them online. I'll check it out, man.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you should check into that to think 24 hour. I don't know how you know how true that is but definitely look into it like even the ones that you were going to
Richelle Direny: And just seeing
Richelle Direny: What is it that they're
Richelle Direny: You know, how is it have a changes to
Richelle Direny: My nine or how are they doing it now so you can
Dianne Siefker: Just have that extra support.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: That will be definitely
Richelle Direny: Very helpful.
Richelle Direny: So hold on let me look
Dianne Siefker: To see on
Richelle Direny: Your treatment plan to try to get an
Dianne Siefker: Update in one moment.
Dianne Siefker: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Are you still there.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Dianne Siefker: Hello.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Tracking through a dead zone.
Dianne Siefker: I think so.
Dianne Siefker: I'm trying to get there.
Richelle Direny: Oh, no, no.
Richelle Direny: YOU THIS IS YOU GET YOU DON'T um what times you've got off work.
Dianne Siefker: Oh, it varies. It just depends on the day. And the more CAN IT VARIES EVERY DAY.
Dianne Siefker: Okay, but I'm just
Dianne Siefker: I was getting on my dryer broke. So I was doing my laundry and then it hit me. I'm like, I've got
Dianne Siefker: So,
Richelle Direny: Did you get my text.
Richelle Direny: Or get my text message.
Richelle Direny: Earlier to render for the session.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah I did get it earlier.
Dianne Siefker: I've just been busy trying to get the laundry done and then take it. Well, see what happened was the the washer worse, but don't have the dryer. So I have to take the clothes that I lost to the laundromat, to get them dried
Dianne Siefker: And I had to get it done, because of course on my workflows were dirty.
That's what you gotta do.
Richelle Direny: So I just wanted to, because I know we um you go once a month, and we don't. I'm kind of how we meet its kind of probably once a month, or what have you. So just kind of
Richelle Direny: Your treatment plan. And that's what I would want to do that, we just check in.
Richelle Direny: Maybe monthly and, you know, kind of review your treatment plan, but so far since the last time.
Richelle Direny: I know that one of the things
Richelle Direny: That
Dianne Siefker: Which was kind of
Richelle Direny: Ongoing was for you to attend. Which of you have been doing attending group once a month.
Dianne Siefker: You did mention
Richelle Direny: That you were going to the outside meetings.
Dianne Siefker: That you have talked about losing your
Richelle Direny: Job.
Richelle Direny: And until you you find new employment.
Richelle Direny: So, like, what is this now that you're working on that you would like to work on what you're working towards your personal
Dianne Siefker: Actually what
Dianne Siefker: I'm getting the house in order. It's got a lot of
Dianne Siefker: Real modeling and everything that needs to be done, which actually I've been working a lot on this week and
Dianne Siefker: Since we've had to stay and more
Dianne Siefker: So yeah, I've been stay pretty busy at home with with that which
Dianne Siefker: keeps me busy and keeps my mind occupied and it gives me something to look forward to when it's all done. It's coming along so nice.
Richelle Direny: So, um, you said keeping busy. So like you would you say um
Richelle Direny: It wouldn't be self care because then this is what you're doing, you're saying that what you're working on is to
Richelle Direny: Pretty much organizing and organize your home, your just your personal things
Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: Getting the home organized. Well, I mean, I had a lot of pain and there was a lot the flooring we I just read carpeted so
Dianne Siefker: I mean, I'm doing a little bit at a time where I'm not getting so overwhelmed with it but I kind of like the breakfast, like I'm making it my own and it makes me feel good, you know, that's that helps make it feel good when my house is in order.
Richelle Direny: So it sounds like time management, learning how to restructure because time management is what captures being able to to plan your time, your time better to be able to to
Dianne Siefker: To yeah
Richelle Direny: Um, organize what it is because it does feel good when you, I can tell you
Richelle Direny: When you when your house is
Richelle Direny: all nice and structuring when you. It's almost like the air that you breathe is different.
Dianne Siefker: In the house and exactly
Dianne Siefker: Exactly.
Dianne Siefker: So I tell them when I when I'm ready to sit down and relax. And I'm like, going into I have been watching on Netflix or no, it's on Hulu, Netflix, but I have been bingeing on a show on that. But I like to make sure everything's in order before I can sit down and relax and enjoy that. So,
Richelle Direny: Better time management and being more
Richelle Direny: Intentional
Dianne Siefker: I think it would
Dianne Siefker: It's been pretty stressful the work and everything, because you know what's every coronavirus going on and short staff that
Dianne Siefker: I know have been putting in a lot more overtime hours because of it. So I and I definitely have learned that I've got to watch myself on that time I quit or not work because I will get sick.
Dianne Siefker: I dragged my body down when it and it gets sick if I didn't overdo it. So I know I definitely cannot do that used to have a hard time saying no wonder like, can you stay over and work you know who live there.
Dianne Siefker: But now it's like, nope, if I if I know I've already worked with, but enough my time it
Richelle Direny: So working on on on better self care and learning how to say no.
Richelle Direny: That's very important because sometimes I have to learn that too. It's learning how to say you
Richelle Direny: Know art of saying no, because
Richelle Direny: Sometimes you look at your circles.
Richelle Direny: You look at your circumstances and your situation and you think, Oh, well, it's going to give me extra money. So then you say, yeah, and you forget about the fact that you're exhausted. You're tired, you need to go home to your son, and there's things that you need to get done.
Dianne Siefker: And then I ain't gonna do nobody any good when I'm sick.
Richelle Direny: So it's, um, so, the objective is to be more aware
Richelle Direny: Of
Richelle Direny: Just being more mindful like knowing that
Richelle Direny: Your own self care, which means that you're going to be more intentional about taking care of yourself, whatever that may look like. So whatever if you say that this is being I'm being a better manager of your time.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, definitely.
Richelle Direny: And would you say listening more to your body, because that's the other thing, like when you said that, um,
Richelle Direny: It's gonna do anybody any good if you're sick, it's listening because someone said that
Dianne Siefker: Earlier is listening to your
Dianne Siefker: Body.
Richelle Direny: When your body says enough is enough.
Yes.
Dianne Siefker: Yes. Yes, definitely.
Dianne Siefker: I mean, I just had somebody come asked me this probably a few days ago.
Dianne Siefker: And you know, I know. I've already I'm already in overtime. So it's like, I know I cannot pick up anything extra right now i i just
Dianne Siefker: Because learning from past experience, you know, done it so many times. And it's like, I know I and I'm getting older, I know that though i can't i can't work them hours like I used to. Because I run my I wrote myself down. That's my immune system down and and they'll get sick.
Dianne Siefker: So I had to tell her. Nope. I can't do it.
Richelle Direny: And you know, it's funny because, like, in light of everything that's going on with the whole coronavirus and everything.
Richelle Direny: It's like they're just so they're more focused on, I have to wash my hands. I have to do this. I have to do that. But then if you're
Dianne Siefker: Asking
Richelle Direny: Yourself down to a rut, guess what, naturally, your immune system is coming down because your body is running on fumes. At this point, there's no more energy. So, listen.
Richelle Direny: To grow your
Richelle Direny: Open up to get any whether it's Corona or the common cold. It doesn't matter what it is you're opening up yourself to catch
Dianne Siefker: Anything right
Richelle Direny: Number one, you're, you're mentally you're overwhelmed. Your body is super stressed because it's just like
Richelle Direny: It's just so tired. It's just
Richelle Direny: So depleted, you're
Richelle Direny: Not getting a whole
Richelle Direny: Lot of rest. You're not just like you say, sometimes it's to
Richelle Direny: Some people, it sounds like really you sit there and you binge watch TV. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Because all I'm doing is my
Dianne Siefker: Eyes is looking on something.
Richelle Direny: My body is right.
Dianne Siefker: That's all.
Richelle Direny: My body is relax it is in homeostasis and all I'm doing is watching something and that's
Dianne Siefker: Right.
It's okay.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah, yeah. It's my job required it's it's taxing on the body.
Dianne Siefker: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: I said, Yes, you have to listen to your body. Just be
Richelle Direny: A better manager.
Dianne Siefker: Of your time and
Richelle Direny: And who you lend your time to
Dianne Siefker: Right. Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what about, like with your son in terms of the relationship and everything in, like, in light of all that occurred.
Dianne Siefker: Over the last year or so.
Dianne Siefker: My son and I have always been pretty close. But he, I mean he has an extremely difficult time opening up and it's really, really are to get it out of them.
Dianne Siefker: My daughter, does the same thing. And I know I do the same thing. So they probably got about for me.
But
Dianne Siefker: I do feel like he
Dianne Siefker: It has
Dianne Siefker: Opened us up more and, you know, connect war because of it. Just because I well I make a point to try to, you know, remain more involved in what's going on, especially with
Dianne Siefker: schoolwork, and things like that so
Dianne Siefker: I know before like I know that was what was tearing me down when I was working second shift. And I know I wasn't as involved as I needed to be
Dianne Siefker: So it's in that
Dianne Siefker: I think that a lot of guilt on me.
Dianne Siefker: At that time,
Dianne Siefker: Okay, so when I think
Dianne Siefker: You know, when everything happened. I'm like, No, I've got to be. I can go to work on my son's in ICU. I'm not. I can't do it because I think I already had all that guilt from
Dianne Siefker: Not being there in the evening when
Dianne Siefker: I probably could have them.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So it's been so he said, make a point of being more aware of what and that was and that was one of the things, like I said, because I did, I did it for maybe
Dianne Siefker: Two years.
Richelle Direny: Um, that was one of the number one things that I did identify
Richelle Direny: It's one thing, because sometimes we have to assess you say you have a good relationship. Sometimes we have to assess that. That was the number one thing that I realized it's that having a good relationship it saying, hey, what's your son's name.
Dianne Siefker: Austin.
Richelle Direny: Saying, hey, Austin, how's your day. Oh, it's good. Mom, you know, you know, just kind of talking to them, just about any little random thing. So like it's good in that aspect. But then, do you really truly know
Richelle Direny: What is going on in their lives. So you're really truly know what challenges they're dealing with in school.
Richelle Direny: What challenges there. You know what type of peer pressure, they're involved in who is coming in and out of their lives, who is saying or whispering things in their ear that's contrary to what
Richelle Direny: To what you're saying and what you stand for. And do we really truly know and sometimes because of the fact, like you said you are a single mom.
Richelle Direny: And you have so many other responsibilities. Sometimes they become protective of you and they don't want to add any more stressors to you to get you overwhelmed because they already know how
Dianne Siefker: Overweight. Yes, or
Dianne Siefker: Yes. Yeah, I send it
Dianne Siefker: The nail right on the head with them because I know he does that. He's a worrier and worries a lot. So, and I know you can pick up when you know I got a lot going on or when I'm stressed and he will keep his mouth shut. Just to eliminate any more stress, you know,
Richelle Direny: And let me know trust.
Dianne Siefker: Yeah.
Dianne Siefker: But
Richelle Direny: But it's just like having that so like, you know what I used to encourage is with parents is just
Richelle Direny: Make it, like you said, like in even in your own self, your own personal goals for yourself in the things that you want to do is better manager of your time is just making it a point of saying maybe weekly you set aside on a set aside uninterrupted time just for you in him.
To do like a check in.
Dianne Siefker: You know,
Richelle Direny: Like you said,
Richelle Direny: How is he doing
Richelle Direny: And really trying to get
Richelle Direny: Deep, whether it's that both of your you're going out to get a bite to
Richelle Direny: Eat just the two of you or catching them something I'm just so to that uninterrupted time. Hey, you know what, let's watch Netflix together or if it's something that he likes to watch if it's a particular sport or video game or what have
Richelle Direny: You you sit there and try to be involved to try to strike up a conversation. I mean granted at 16 years old.
Richelle Direny: They really. I mean, a lot of them really don't want to have anything to do with their parents, but that's just kind of the stage of life that they're in. That's just kind of how teenagers are
Richelle Direny: Are you I think your
Richelle Direny: Your break breaking up really bad.
Richelle Direny: You're
Richelle Direny: If you're speaking
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up a lot.